; MUI delfile
;
; This file contains the names of files to delete from
; the MUI resource-dll directory after that directory has
; been populated.  This directory is populated via "muibld.exe"
; and "link.exe".
;
; Acceptible values in the [Languages] field are:
;       o Comma-separated list of 2- or 3-letter language
;           abbreviations, for example
;           chs,cht,chh,jpn,kor,ara,heb,ca,gb
;       o The word "all" to denote all languages
;
;[SourceFile]      [SourceDir]                 [Languages]
;-------------------------------------------------------------
; last update: 11/20/00          weiwu         164974
;
brief.chm           %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
camera.chm          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cpanel.chm          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
find.chm            %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
glossary.chm        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
netcfg.chm          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
network.chm         %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
printing.chm        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
recycle.chm         %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
reskit.chm          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
rktools.chm         %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
suptools.chm        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
windows.chm         %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
browselc.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
shdoclc.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wab32res.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ccfg95.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cnetcfg.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cmcfg32.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cmmgr32.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
clipbrd.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
poledite.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all	
winhlp32.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ftsrch.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
shdocvw.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
autochk.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            chs,cht,chh,jpn,kor,ara,heb,ca,gb
autoconv.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            chs,cht,chh,jpn,kor,ara,heb,ca,gb
autofmt.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            chs,cht,chh,jpn,kor,ara,heb,ca,gb
hypertrm.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
hypertrm.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
pinball.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
plugin.ocx.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msoeres.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wbemtest.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wininet.old.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wshar.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            ara
wshptb.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            br
wshchs.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            chs
wshcht.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            cht,chh
wshcs.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            cs
wshda.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            da
wshel.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            el
wshes.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            es
wshfi.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            fi
wshfr.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            fr
wshde.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            ger
wshhe.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            heb
wshhu.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            hu
wshit.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            it
wshjp.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            jpn
wshko.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            kor
wshnl.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            nl
wshno.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            no
wshpl.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            pl
wshptg.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            pt
wshru.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            ru
wshsv.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            sv
wshtr.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            tr
nmchat.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmas.dll.mui        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmft.dll.mui        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmcom.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmevtmsg.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmoldwb.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmkcert.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmchat.chm          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmwhiteb.chm        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
vb5chs.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            chs
vb5cht.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            cht,chh
vb5de.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            ger
vb5jp.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            jpn
vb5ko.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            kor
vb5it.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            it
vb5fr.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            fr
vb6chs.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            chs
vb6cht.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            cht,chh
vb6de.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            ger
vb6jp.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            jpn
vb6ko.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            kor
vb6fr.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            fr
vb6it.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            it
vb6es.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            es
scrnsave.scr.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
inetcplc.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
htrn_jis.dll        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
advpack.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
; Mars MUI files
auupdate.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
copymar.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msncsapi.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
custdial.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
dw.exe.mui          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
logonmgr.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msdbx.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msmom.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msn6.exe.mui        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msnmetal.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msnmigr.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msnmtllc.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msnspell.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
popc.dll.mui        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
sqdll.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msdwintl.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msnunin.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ocmsn.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msratelc.dll        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all 
conf.exe.mui        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all 
nmwb.dll.mui        %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all 
mlang.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all 
hhctrlui.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
comctl32.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
comctl32.old.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msrating.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msratelc.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cbres.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
router.exe.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nmres.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
mswltres.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wbres.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
rssub.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
rseng.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
rsfsa.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
calcs.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
posix.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
os2srv.exe.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
termsrv.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
comlbsvc.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
dbgtrace.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
faxsvc.exe.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ilscfg.exe.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
usetup.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ipmon.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ipxmon.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
ibmsync.sys.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msicares.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cliconfg.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
arp.exe.mui         %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
routemon.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
os2.exe.mui         %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
htrn_jis.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
packager.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
OCMSN.DLL.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
spcmdcon.sys.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
kerberos.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
lpdsvc.dll.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
dwil1033.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msorc32r.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
winhstb.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
mstask.chm          %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
air300pp.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
CDOSYS.DLL.MUI      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
raschap.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wininet.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
cmstp.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
atmadm.exe.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
upg351db.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
dfscmd.exe.mui      %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
jetconv.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
macfile.exe.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
nntpsnap.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
netoc.dll.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wextract.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
wowreg32.exe.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
acctres.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
msidntld.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
mshtmler.dll.mui    %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
inetres.dll.mui     %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all
setup.exe.mui       %_BuildArch%.uncomp            all